is it better to be feared or respected
and I say is it too much to ask for both
with that in mind I humbly present the
crown jewel of Stark Industries freedom
line it's the first missile system to
incorporate our proprietary repulsor
technology they say the best weapon is
when you never have to fire I
respectfully disagree I prefer the
weapon you only have to fire once that's
how dad did it that's how America does
it and it's worked out pretty well so
far
find an excuse to let one of these off
the chain and I personally guarantee you
the bad guys won't even want to come out
of their caves
[Music]
for your consideration the chair I'll be
throwing one of these in with every
purchase of 500 million or more
two-piece Dhoni I'll be what are you
doing up
I couldn't sleep till I fell oh how it
went how'd it go what great looks like
it's gonna be an early Christmas hey way
to go my boy I'll see you tomorrow yeah
much wearing those pajamas I got you
good night Tommy
ah hey Tony I'm sorry this is the fun
beat the humdrum B's back there
nice job see back
[Music]
you